Add info Preimage Deposit (#5264)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-guides-polkadot-opengov.md

![cancel-referenda-preimage-creation](../assets/cancel-referenda-preimage-creation.png)

This call will cancel the referendum and return the deposit. You can also kill a referendum using
the `referenda.kill` extrinsic. This will cancel the referendum and slash the deposit.

:::info Preimage Submission Deposit

A deposit is required for the preimage to be stored on chain. The preimage deposit is proportional
to the amount of information stored within the preimage. The deposit amount required for a preimage
with a treasury spend transaction is around
{{ polkadot: 41 DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama:  1.4 KSM  :kusama }}. Ensure you have enough account

> balance to pay for the submission deposit and the transaction fees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
balance to pay for this submission deposit as well as the transaction fees.
```

{{ polkadot: <RPC network="polkadot" path="const.referenda.undecidingTimeout" defaultValue={201600} filter="blocksToDays"/> :polkadot }}{{ kusama: <RPC network="kusama" path="const.referenda.undecidingTimeout" defaultValue={201600} filter="blocksToDays"/> :kusama }}-day
period will lead to a referendum timeout.

## Claiming the Preimage and Decision Deposits

After a referendum finishes its life cycle (and gets approved or rejected or timed out), the
preimage and decision deposits can be claimed. For claiming the preimage deposit, navigate to
[Polkadot-JS UI > Governance > Preimages](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/preimages) and click on
unnote button shown on the preimage you submitted.

![Claim Preimage Deposit](../assets/claim-preimage-deposit.png)

Similarly, to claim the decision deposit, navigate to
[Polkadot-JS UI > Governance > Referenda](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/referenda) and scroll down
to the end of the page to click on the referenda with the decision deposit and claim it.

![Claim Referendum Deposits](../assets/claim-referendum-decision-deposit.png)

> ## Claiming the Submission Deposit

Reviewer: We mentioned about submission deposit for preimages in the earlier info note "Preimage Submission Deposit". Let us avoid ambiguity.

```suggestion
## Claiming the Referendum Submission Deposit
```
